# COSC-450-Bobcat-Esports-Practice
A simple HTML and JavaScript based application that provides both a keyboard and mouse based reflex games.s

Main Page (Homepage): This page contains a short welcome and description of the project. The page consists of a title, description, and two buttons linking to the HTML pages containing the two available games. The buttons are styled to be large and easily clickable; they have a mouse cover effect so that the button background darkens to help the user know when their mouse cursor is over the button. 

Button Reflex Test Game Page: This page has a simple W, A, S, and D key-press game where the user sees a title, short description of the game, a button to return to the homepage, and a start button. After clicking the start button the user is prompted to get ready to press one of the W, A, S, or D keys as quickly as possible after a countdown with a score depending on how many milliseconds the user takes out of one second. This will repeat until the game over requirement is reached and the game ends. This game’s parts include a timer, a message area, and a growing table used for displaying the user's cumulative scores for each round. 

Mouse Cursor Reflex Test Game Page: This page has a simple mouse cursor game where the user sees a title, a short description of the game, a button to return to the homepage, and a start button. When the user presses the start game button a countdown begins, then a red circle will be generated randomly on the screen that the user has to move over or otherwise “touch” with the mouse cursor as quickly as possible with a score depending on how many milliseconds the user takes out of one second. This game has a timer of three seconds that when reached will initiate the game over process. This game has the same format as the button reflex game and so includes a message area, a timer, a score display, and a high score table. 
